A basic melee attack.
A strong melee attack.
Ponder about the troubling things in life.
Complain about stuff you don't understand.
Move forward if there is an empty cell. Do devastating damage to an enemy directly in front of character.
Slap a foe in melee range. Enemy damage is reduced.
Tickle a foe in melee range. Enemy is stunned.
A strong melee attack. Character receives equal damage.
Scratch an enemy in melee range.
Move to any free cell.
Heal self. Character is stunned.
Damage given and received is increased for a turn.
Enemy has reduced damage for a turn.
If character receives no damage by the next turn, do extra damage next turn.
Spawn a hairball that distracts enemies.
Bite an enemy in melee range.
Scoop damage to enemy in melee range.
Character does extra damage for a turn at the cost of some health.
Throw a pistachio nut at an enemy.
Serve yogurt to an ally. Ally receives reduced damage for a turn.
Serve sherbet to an ally. The ally is faster for the rest of the match.
Serve a banana sundae to an ally. The ally does increased damage for a turn.
Cover enemy in choco syrup. Enemy is stunned but receives reduced damage.
Heal all allies.
All allies do more damage but are slower for the rest of the match.
Ranged ice attack.
Attack enemies in a column directly in front of the character.
Ranged attack that stuns a character.
Enemy that attacks this character next turn will be stunned.
Slide to any unoccupied cell horizontally or vertically.
Spawn an ice clone that distracts enemies. The enemy is stunned when it's attacked.
Strong melee attack to enemy in a diagonal cell.
Stuns an enemy in melee range. Character is stunned as well.
Devastating combination of attacks to enemy directly in front of character.
Take down an enemy in melee range with less than 10% health.
Melee attack that stumbles an enemy to a side cell.
Melee attack that pushes an enemy to the back row.
Melee attack all enemies in the front row.
Melee attack an enemy in melee range or in two cells directly ahead.
Block the next attack.
Counter-attack the next attack. Can be stacked.
Move forward one cell.
Move back one cell.
Move to adjacent cell horizontally.
Ranged attack.
Ranged attack.
Counter-attack any enemies that damage allies.
Devastating ranged attack to an enemy in the back row.
Devastating attack to an enemy in the front row.
Ranged attack. Damage is delayed by one turn.
Damage to enemy front row. Damage is delayed by one turn.
Melee attack.
Attack two enemies in front row.
Ranged fire attack.
Ranged fire attack. Adjacent enemies also receive fire damage.
Ranged lightning attack.
Restore magic power by hurting an ally.
Ranged attack that reduces enemy damage for a turn.
Decrease speed of enemy for the rest of the match.
Ranged attack.
Melee attack.
Move to any unblocked cell.
Damage the two cells directly in front of the character.
Melee attack to front row if there are no back row enemies.
Melee attack to the back row if there are no front row enemies.
Stun all enemies.
Move to an adjacent cell to avoid an attack.
Tiny melee attack.
Move to any adjacent cell.
Spawn a new bunny.
Ranged attack.
Ranged attack. Enemy is poisoned.
Incoming damage is negated for the next round.
Any player or enemy action rewards a small heal to the character.
Devastating bunny melee attack.
Heal character and target ally.
Melee attack.
Melee attack. Hit twice if character is alone in row.
Strong melee attack if there is an empty cell in front of character.
Move to side cell to avoid an attack.
Character cannot be directly targeted next turn.
Speed is increased for the rest of the match. Can be stacked.
Attack an enemy in melee range or in cell directly in back row.
Drag an enemy from back to front row if the cell is empty.
Character cannot be directly targeted next turn.
Enemies take damage when attacking this character.
Heal self.
Enemy is stunned.
Enemy weakness is found for increased damage.
Ranged elite hacking attack.
Enemy deals less damage.
An enemy is duplicated as an ally. The duplicate has limited health.
Big heal this turn and receive poison damage every following turn.
Copy the tags and skills of an ally. Non-reversible.
Fire damage in melee range.
Melee attack. Target has decreased damage.
Fire damage to a row at next turn.
Ranged fire attack.
Fire attack to two adjacent targets.
Burn all nearby enemies and allies
Smack a fool in melee range.
The character's next attack has increased damage.
The character is faster and does increased damage for the next turn only.
The character is faster for the rest of the round but takes more damage.
Ranged attack.
Character dies and instant kills all enemies.
Ranged attack. Character takes damage.
Smack an enemy with your bone in melee range.
Hit an enemy with a boomerang bone.
Stun an enemy in melee range.
Melee attack and heal.
Take less damage for a turn.
Enemy takes increased damage.
Devastating melee attack.
Cannot be damaged. Character is stunned.
Melee attack.
Ranged attack.
Stun an enemy in melee range.
Melee attack two enemies.
Heal self. Character is stunned.
Move an ally to an adjacent cell.
Push back enemies in the front row.
If character last hits an enemy, heal.
Attack enemy in melee range. Also damage enemy behind.
Attack enemy in melee range and enemies to their left and behind.
Attack enemy in melee range and enemies to their right and behind.
Attack all enemies.
Attack back row and enemy in the middle of the front row.
Attack a row with devastating damage.
Melee attack. All effects are removed.
Increase damage of ally. All other effects are removed.
All effects of character are applied to an enemy.
Character removes all effects.
Copy the effects of a target.
Attack an enemy in back row and bring them to the front.
Attack any enemy in the front row.
Attack diagonal cells.
Attack any enemy in the corners
Attack all enemies.
Attack all corners with devastating damage.
Attack all enemies with limited damage.
Melee attack.
Move to side cell.
Devastating melee attack enemy directly in front of character.
Stun an enemy in the front row.
Character is reduced to 1 health but does significant damage to enemies.
All allies start dancing and move to random cells.
Move forward or backward.
Ranged attack.
Melee attack. Enemy either moves back or to side.
Do increased damage for the rest of the match. Receive damage every turn.
Block an incoming attack to selected ally.
All incoming attacks to the front row are reduced in damage.
Any ranged attacks to the back row are reflected back to the enemy.
Melee attack. Enemy moves to back cell. If back cell is occupied, double the damage.
Smack an enemy in melee range with your appendage.
Decrease health and skill uses by half and create a duplicate of character.
Ally is sacrificed. All health, tags, and skills are merged randomly.
Ranged attack. Character is damaged.
Ranged attack. Enemy is slower.
Character is sacrificed. All enemies are stunned.
Heal self.
Scraping damage to enemy in melee range.
Increases damage received by target, but it can't be targeted directly for the next turn.
Enemy cannot target the character.
Summons wolf friend.
Move to adjacent cell. Heal self.
Move to another cell every turn.
Ranged attack.
Ranged attack that stuns an enemy.
Ranged attack that disables an enemy skill.
Ranged attack that hits an enemy in the front row and the back.
Ranged attack hits two enemies.
Every enemy attacked receives additional damage per turn.
Incredibly furious melee poking damage. 
Character screams at the top of their lungs, demeaning the enemy.
Why won't these people listen gob gammit!?
Nothing penetrates the skin. Well, not too deep.
A delicious snack for some, but a terrible outcome for the pineapple.
Ooooh tasty!
I'm the pine-apple! Bananas ain't got shit on me.
Instant kill an enemy at 10% health or less. Heal self by that amount.
Cutting melee attack.
admin