A crude individual with very few thoughts. Though lacking in tact and critical thinking, they have proven themselves with relentless, brute strength.
A feline creature that waddles around on its back paws, meowing at shit. Very nimble and capable of incredible acrobatic feats.
An ice cream parlor extraordinaire.
Being so cold is a sad endeavor, but the froster has made a business of it. Capable of ranged ice attacks that will cool even the hottest foes.
A skilled fighter well versed in hand-to-hand combat and wrestling techniques. Favors technical skill over direct damage.
Skilled in all manner of bladed weapon, the fencer is a capable combatant. Direct attacks to the fencer can be mitigated or even reversed.
The gunner is a ranged assaulter trained in a variety of military weapons. Though very deadly, ammo can be scarce.
Magic is real and the magician is its master. Powerful, ranged abilities are at their disposal, but limited in its number of uses.
An unassuming bird granted unbelievable powers. Capable of flying and summoning energy weapons.
A bunny rabbit may lack physical strength, but it has courage. Sometimes that's all you need.
"Fast, fast, fast! I want it fast, baby!"
The gadgeteer is a cunning hero who depends on an array of tools and gizmos to get the job done. Be careful to manage your supply!
The engineer is a hacker and computer genius. Their failed endeavors in game design have left him in shambles, however.
A self-identified dragon breathes fire and has a penchant for burning things to a crisp.
A machine with feelings.
How can you kill that which is already dead? The skeleton is slow moving and fragile, but it has a power from beyond the grave.
Eats, shoots, and leaves.
Having read from the Tetronomicon and lived to tell the tale, the tetro is skilled in block attacks.
Absorbent and squishy.
Very knowledgeable about pi and pie. The difference will shock you.
An mf'n dinosaur.
A result of genetic experiments meant to breed the perfect soldier. Instead, they got a patriotic, shield-throwing lunatic.
Royalty from the white slime conglomerate. An expert in all icky-gooey subject matter.
Woof woof! Yip! RUFF RUFF RUFF! GRRRRRRRRRR!
Bionic laser commando. So cool. So hip. So suave.
